# -Tips-to-Make-Your-Beach-Trip-Successful- 
Trips to the beach destinations can be the most amazing decision in terms of enjoyment and relaxation. It would be a cherry on top if the locations like the Bahamas, The Caribbean, or Mexico are listed. Most of the time, we plan such beach trips with our friends and family that the beaches are the best places to make memories.   The soothing sound of the seawater, lying down on the beach sand, taking sunbath is what we imagine and expect to spend time during our beach trip. This is something we call a successful beach trip. But, to make it successful, we have to surpass all those obstacles to make it relaxing and memorable. When we say obstacles that don’t mean you have to face anything during your travel but the things that might make you feel regret if you don’t carry for the trip.   It is always better to list things that you might need during the trip because we always miss something or forget to carry that sometimes is the most important thing. No need to worry we have got your back. Here we have made a list of things to take with you for your beach trip.   Keep Sunscreen   It’s inevitable to get tanned or damage your skin if you expose it directly to the sun rays during travel. Don’t play rough with your skin that is as important as your mobile phone being safe. Especially when you travel to the beach, you are almost going near the sun so it would be better if you bag sunscreen with you to protect your skin. We recommend high SPF sunscreen that has to suit your skin type.  Light Weight Packing Having so much baggage with you might make you feel tired before you reach. Imagine, you being tired in front of the beautiful view. There are also some DIY packing hacks videos available online to help you with. So if you are going to a beach location, make sure you pack light.  If you are planning for a beach trip, it is obvious to spend a lot of time on the beach. Avoid packing fancy outfits and heels that will ruin your sand walk. So it is advisable to pack something light. Pack Extra Underwears    As you are going to the beach, it is advisable to have extra underwear with you. There is a possibility of an emergency since you will be in the water for most of the day. It would be always better to carry extra clothes and when it comes to underwear, they are small in size and occupies less space.   Plan Your Outfits According to  Don’t mess with your packing time. You will miss so many things if you believe in packing at the last moment. Due to hurry, you pick all the stuff you see and the baggage become heavy because of unnecessary things. During this hurry, you miss out on important things and that would be the biggest irritation when you reach your destination. Always pack according to the place you are visiting. Your outfit has to be comfortable.   Flip Flops or Crocks for Sand Walks  Flip Flops and crock are known as the most comfortable footwear. When you visit destinations of beaches, it is always recommended to be with comfortable footwear so it won’t be embarrassing. There are chances of you losing your favourite footwear just because of one mistake. We would recommend you to carry flip flops and crock so the soil won’t spoil your favourite footwear.   Learn to Identify rip currents  When you go on a seaside trip for fun, you don’t even imagine any kind of danger which could lead us to a troubled moment. There is a rip current which is the strongest jet of water that suddenly flows away from shore. It also gives you visual hints that help to identify huge potential zones before going into the water. First of all, learn how to swim and if you don’t know then it’s best to research before you go to the beach.   During your water check these things:   1. A Sandbar in the water 2. Discoloured water near the shore 3. Gaps between the waves  Travel Insurance  Wherever you go, always keep yourself as a priority, it might sound like a motivation quote but that’s the truth. Make sure you obtain Travel Insurance before you go anywhere. You never know what is coming for you so it would be better if you are always ready for whatever is coming in your way. You might have to invest the whole savings. It is beneficial to have travel insurance that will help you avoid big economical trouble.   Having travel insurance is a sign of a smart traveller. Make sure you be a smart traveller.  Make Beautiful Memories  Since you have almost taken everything from the list, don’t forget to take a good camera to capture beautiful moments with your friends and family.   Even having a good camera is one of the important things, because memories bring back, memories bring back you.Read More 
Read More - https://satgurutravel.com/blog/top-3-places-to-explore-in-burundi/
